Add a reference to the Reference.md resource (#562)
elmish/Elmish.WPF: REFERENCE.md

  + [Mapping bindings](#mapping-bindings)
    - [Example use of `mapModel` and `mapMsg`](#example-use-of-mapModel-and-mapMsg)
    - [Theory behind `mapModel` and `mapMsg`](#theory-behind-mapModel-and-mapMsg)
* [Statically-typed view models](#statically-typed-view-models)
  + [Inherit from `ViewModelBase<'model, 'msg>`]()

>   + [Typed Bindings]()

Reviewer: Shouldn't we add links to the sections?

Author: Yes I published this too soon. Can you push a commit with those changes? Or do you not have access to my branch :\

Author: Nevermind I got it

A binding in Elmish.WPF is represented by an instance of type `Binding<'model, 'msg>`. It is a profunctor, which means that
- it is a contravariant functor in `'model` with `mapModel` as the corresponding mapping function for this functor and
- it is a covariant functor in `'msg` with `mapMsg` as the corresponding mapping function for this functor.

> Statically-typed View Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Statically-Typed View Models
```

- `Binding.OneWayT.id`
- `Binding.OneWayToSource.id`
- `Binding.CmdT.setAlways`

#### Typed SubModel Bindings

You can create strongly-typed SubModels in much the same way as you can create normal SubModels - simply replace the `Binding<'model, 'msg> list` with the constructor for a type that implements `ViewModelBase<'model, 'msg>(args)` and takes in that `args` parameter, and use one of the following functions to create the binding:

- `Binding.SubModelT.req`
- `Binding.SubModelSeqUnkeyedT.id`
- `Binding.SubModelSeqKeyedT.id`
- `Binding.SubModelWinT.id`

#### Typed WpfProgram Bindings

Something very similar to the above transformation can also be accomplished at the type level by using one of the following `T` functions to create the program:

- `WpfProgram.mkSimpleT`
- `WpfProgram.mkProgramT`
- `WpfProgram.mkProgramWithCmdMsgT`

#### Mixing and matching bindings

When migrating to a statically-typed view model, you can use all of the existing bindings as-is, with the exception of two-way bindings (must be split up into `OneWay` and `OneWayToSource` bindings).

> When intruducing a statically-typed view model as a submodel to a binding defined by the boxed binding list, simply use one of the new [Typed SubModel Bindings]() and then call `Binding.boxT` to map the output type. (eg, `"TypedSubModel" |> Binding.SubModelT.req TypedSubModel >> Binding.boxT`)

Reviewer: Add URI to link

> When intruducing a statically-typed view model as a submodel to a binding defined by the boxed binding list, simply use one of the new [Typed SubModel Bindings]() and then call `Binding.boxT` to map the output type. (eg, `"TypedSubModel" |> Binding.SubModelT.req TypedSubModel >> Binding.boxT`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When intruducing a statically-typed view model as a submodel to a binding defined by the boxed binding list, simply use one of the new [Typed SubModel Bindings]() and then call `Binding.boxT` to map the output type (e.g., `"TypedSubModel" |> Binding.SubModelT.req TypedSubModel >> Binding.boxT`).
```
